Introduce the entity of Process Type (#8617)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/concepts-and-designs/overview.md

SkyWalking's service mesh receiver allows SkyWalking to receive telemetry data from service mesh frameworks
such as Istio/Envoy and Linkerd, allowing users to understand the entire distributed system.

SkyWalking provides observability capabilities for **service**(s), **service instance**(s), **endpoint**(s), **process**(s). The terms Service,
Instance and Endpoint are used everywhere today, so it is worth defining their specific meanings in the context of SkyWalking:

- **Service**. Represents a set/group of workloads which provide the same behaviours for incoming requests. You can define the service
  name when you are using instrument agents or SDKs. SkyWalking can also use the name you define in platforms such as Istio.
- **Service Instance**. Each individual workload in the Service group is known as an instance. Like `pods` in Kubernetes, it 
  doesn't need to be a single OS process, however, if you are using instrument agents, an instance is actually a real OS process.
- **Endpoint**. A path in a service for incoming requests, such as an HTTP URI path or a gRPC service class + method signature. 

> - **Process**. Each independently running OS process in a Service Instance is a process. In some scenarios, a Service Instance is
>   not a process. such as pods in Kubernetes, each pod could have multiple OS Process, the pod could be a Service Instance, and 
>   the OS Process in each pod is a Process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Process**. An operating system process.  In some scenarios, a Service Instance is
  not a process, such as a pod Kubernetes could contain multiple processes.
```
